Success! You've managed to infiltrate Commander Lambda's evil organization, and finally earned yourself an entry-level position as a Minion on their space station. From here, you just might be able to subvert Commander Lambda's plans to use the LAMBCHOP doomsday device to destroy Bunny Planet. Problem is, Minions are the lowest of the low in the Lambda hierarchy. Better buck up and get working, or you'll never make it to the top...

Next time Bunny HQ needs someone to infiltrate a space station to rescue bunny workers, you're going to tell them to make sure 'stay up for 48 hours straight scrubbing toilets' is part of the job description. It's only fair to warn people, after all.

(After completing the-cake-is-not-a-lie)

You survived a week in Commander Lambda's organization, and you even managed to get yourself promoted. Hooray! Henchmen still don't have the kind of security access you'll need to take down Commander Lambda, though, so you'd better keep working. Chop chop!

Rumor has it the bunny trainers are inexplicably fond of bananas. You're an apple person yourself, but you file the information away for future reference. You never know when you might need to bribe a trainer (or three)...

(After completing gearing-up-for-destruction)

At least all this time spent running errands all over Commander Lambda's space station have given you a really good understanding of the station's layout. You'll need that when you're finally ready to destroy the LAMBCHOP and rescue the bunny workers.

(After completing dont-get-volunteered)

Awesome! Commander Lambda was so impressed by your efforts that you've been promoted to personal assistant. You'll be helping the Commander directly, which means you'll have access to all of Lambda's files -- including the ones on the LAMBCHOP doomsday device. This is the chance you've been waiting for. Can you use your new access to finally topple Commander Lambda's evil empire?

(After requesting after previous task)

Who the heck puts clover and coffee creamer in their tea? Commander Lambda, apparently. When you signed up to infiltrate the organization you didn't think you'd get such an up-close and personal look at these more... unusual tastes.

(After requesting Prepare the Bunnies' Escape)

One of these days you're going to manage to glimpse Commander Lambda's password over their shoulder. But the Commander is very careful about security and you haven't managed it yet...

(After last task)

There are a lot of difficult things about being undercover as Commander Lambda's personal assistant, but you have to say, the personal spa and private hot cocoa bar are pretty awesome.

(After level 3)

Excellent! You've destroyed Commander Lambda's doomsday device and saved Bunny Planet! But there's one small problem: the LAMBCHOP was a wool-y important part of the space station, and when you blew it up, you triggered a chain reaction that's tearing the station apart. Can you rescue the bunny workers and escape before the entire thing explodes?

(After requesting first level 4 challenge)

As Commander Lambda's personal assistant, you get to deal with all of the paperwork involved in running a space station big enough to house the LAMBCHOP. And you thought Bunny HQ had too much bureaucracy...